Add YIPs related to state machines (#126)
layer-3/clearsync: docs/YIP/YIP-0011-clearing-state-machine.md

| Failed                  | Failed          | Internal call that could occur on any error during action execution                                                                  |
| InitiatorFundingTimeout | Failed          | External call that indicates that Initiator haven't fulfilled his part of the deal on time, so there is no need to keep channel open |

#### InitiatorFunded

Indicates that Initiator funded channel, and now it's Responder's turn

##### Action

1. Updates state in Storage
2. Notifies user about state update
3. Kill `InitiatorFundingTimeout` timer
4. Launch `ResponderFundingTimeout` timer

##### Transitions

| Event                   | State                     | Description                                                                                                                                     |
|-------------------------|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ResponderFunded         | Funded                    | External call that indicates that Responde fulfilled  his part of the deal by funding channel                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ResponderFunded         | Funded                    | External call that indicates that Responder fulfilled his part of the deal by funding channel                                                   |
```

| Failed                  | PreOperationalChallenging | Internal call that could occur on any error during action execution                                                                             |
| ResponderFundingTimeout | PreOperationalChallenging | External call that indicates that Responder haven't fulfilled his part of the deal on time, so Initiator calls Challenge to retrieve his assets |

#### PreOperationalChallenging

Indicates the will of one party to force move the channel before Postfund was sign

##### Action

1. Updates state in Storage
2. Notifies user about state update

> 3. Kills `ResponderFundingTimeout` timer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Removes `ResponderFundingTimeout` timer
```

4. Starts Challenge with Prefund State

##### Transitions

| Event      | State                    | Description                                                          |
|------------|--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Challenged | PreOperationalChallenged | Internal call that indicates that Peer succesfully started challenge |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Challenged | PreOperationalChallenged | Internal call that indicates that Peer successfully started challenge |
```

#### PreOperationalChallenged

There is active challenge, that was called before postfund was signed

> NOTE: Since only one state was signed, this type of Challenge cannot be cleared and will be timeouted in any case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since only one state was signed, this type of Challenge cannot be cleared and will timeout whatsoever
```

##### Action

1. Updates state in Storage
2. Notifies user about state update
3. Starts `ChallengeTimeout` timer

##### Transitions

| Event              | State           | Description                                                                                         |
|--------------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| TimeoutedChallenge | ReadyToWithdraw | External call that indicates that Challenge timeout expired and now channel is ready to be defunded |

#### Funded

Clearing channel was funded by both sides and now it's time to sign postfund

> NOTE: there are two types of errors: the one that happened before issuing posrfund state
> and those that were ocurred after. In first case we could transition to `PreOperationalChallenging`, but
> in the second case Responder could clear timeout with postfund state, so let's keep only one possible transition 
> to the `Challenging` state here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: there are two types of errors: ones that happened before issuing postfund state
and after. In the first case we could transition to `PreOperationalChallenging`, but
in the second case Responder could clear timeout with postfund state, so only one possible transition 
to the `Challenging` state is possible
```

##### Action

1. Updates state in Storage
2. Notifies user about state update

> 3. Kills `ResponderFundingTimeout` timer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Removes `ResponderFundingTimeout` timer
```

4. Issues postfund nitro state
5. Notifies user about succesfull channel opening

##### Transitions

| Event            | State       | Description                                                                 |
|------------------|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | AgreedOnPostfund | Operational | Internal call that indicates that postfund was succesfully signed and saved |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AgreedOnPostfund | Operational | Internal call that indicates that postfund was successfully signed and saved |
```

| Failed           | Challenging | Internal call that could occur on any error during action execution         |

#### Operational

Clearing channel has no other tasks, but existing

##### Action

1. Updates state in Storage

##### Transitions

| Event              | State             | Description                                                                                               |
|--------------------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | PerepareSettlement | ActiveSettlement  | External call that comes from the settlement state machine, indicates that settlement process was started |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PrepareSettlement | ActiveSettlement  | External call that comes from the settlement state machine, indicates that settlement process was started |
```

> | Finalize           | Finalizing        | External call that comes from the user request to gracefuly close the clearing channel                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Finalize           | Finalizing        | External call that comes from the user request to gracefully close the clearing channel                    |
```
